hello very good to all that for
I'm the steakhouse and today I'm
here to bring you a new analysis now
you know a new analysis of sixth
generation always watching her tiber of
over just right now how can you be
seeing is about two states a pokémon
that surprised me a lot if
You have seen my video about combat
come on the team fight tribute to
tweets plays pokemon will you know what good
I commented a little bit that shoes is not a
pokémon that for say two months
back was not used much however
its use has increased considerably
and the truth does not surprise me because it 's a
pokémon that has surprised me a lot
is a pokémon that at a level is very very
good and the truth is that it has a set
let's say more than surprising
rather not that it's a defensive set the
ps how can you be seeing now by
the base stands are two at least
stretches the worst thing you have is the defense
physicist who has only 85
however shoes with a defensive set
physical is very very good indeed that set
has been the one that catapulted him
directly to over just so I think
that it was worth it no more than
nothing analyzed two comments a couple
of sets and more than anything so good that you
encourage to use this little
because the truth is being or is
being quite used never just and
Come on it's worth it because it's a very pokemon
very good so nothing good you know
that I before talking about what
the strategy is the musel the
distribution of nature and so on
I like to talk a little about the
skill that this pokemon is going to have in
this case to balances your combination of
types and their base states well the
skill is going to be pressure has
lightning rod of hidden ability without
But I have to tell you that he has not yet
come out ok
Reynosa if you find a match with the
ability for rays the safest thing is
which is somewhat legal, so the
skill that you will only be able to have
our acts is going to be pressure that
good pressure will come quite
good especially for the defensive sab 2
physical since it's going to make the pepes
of the opponent go down earlier so good if
we have a physical defensive factor that
it's going to be one of the sets I'm going to
Commenting not spend as bad as
Well, it's going to help a little bit
is the work of these and well
because the combination of types is kind
level electric flight is one of the
better combinations right now that
there in pokemon has only two
weaknesses that's pretty good for
a defensive pokémon that are weakness to
ice and weakness to rock weakness to
rock a bit annoying
because rock traps make it 25% of
damage but it is good however neither
it is so much and then it presents 5
resistances in an immunity that is
very well it's worth in our cars is going to be
resistant to plant type to fight type
to steel type to bug type and type
flying and you will be immune to the land type
so you already see with five resistances
an immunity and only two weaknesses
so many is a very good defensive pokémon
and pretty well compensated the studs
they are also very compensated as we take
as you can see by the part
of the bull that has 90 of life 85 of
defense and 90 special defense which
because nothing gives you a bull of I think 88
of mediaguas and that is a bull
above average is not bad at all
a bull that is pretty good and good
because on the offensive side it has 90 of
attack that is fine however we do not
interesting 125 special attack that is
very well and speed 100 we say
speed 100 is the minimum speed that
he has to have an offensive pokémon
if you want to have a super pokémon
offensive less than speed 100 base
it is considered in quotation marks
slow so speed 100 let's say that
it's like the joust
just and necessary that you need this
factor for another being that arises to
comment that it's an offensive 2 so
good codes are very balanced a
great combination of types a good attack
special and the necessary speed suitable
it presents itself as much as a large tank
physical as a good special attacker the
first very sets is the museum that I've
commented before the physical tank that goes
to take to clear to remove from you know
tines traps rocks etcetera spark
online already and I breathe on the other hand the
second much that I present to you is of a 2
let's say super special special attacker
with respite hidden power of ice type
ray and sling igneous and good as well as the
advice not faces of this analysis anymore
that nothing you have in mind six
offensive with chosen glasses or handkerchief
elected and volt change since so many
can be quite surprising especially with
some glasses chosen and well then with
volt change it gives quite a game so
nothing we are going to present let's go I'm going to
present now a little how are the
nude set the nature and the cast of
eps the first museum not in very simple
of the physical tank the skill that goes to
bring more expression objects remains and
with a great combination of types like
I commented before a decent book and
a nature oriented to the
defending
I present you so many with this set of
defensive tank clearing serves for
remove the annoying rocks and then from
our field I breathe to restore
health and power this will make you already know that
this is what I told you before
does he also summoned in his skill
pressure and good because they are ethnic
spark as as offensive as for
doing a lot of damage is used the spark
instead of lightning for its 30% paralyze
not like it's a defensive pokémon let's say
that has the ability to be able
paralyze 30% the times is enough
well let's not say that the spark would be
like scalding quotes instead of
burn then paralyze and well then the
nature is going to be daring and the cast
of those I will present two different
It's going to take full defense always
however then we're going to have to
choose between four special attack and
full life 252 in life or attack 56
special and 200 of life because more than
nothing is to answer the need of
give one hit that I wa vision you already know
that visar is going to be the pokemon now
same is being the pokemon that
used to counteract the
pokemon that use default is worth
pokemon that use clear then
let's say the cast from below with
56 special attack I think it has a
70% chance to give one hit that
joe with wave and yet the one above
I think he's thirty-something
hundred then more than nothing is for
end visas in one fell swoop it
If you want to do away with visas single
hit 70 percent of the time more
or less then take the sets from below
however if it gives you a little bit the same,
because pisa is really going to fall two
hits then pick them up the cast from
up the one that only takes four in
special attack and good with the second
set which is that of the special attacker the
skill base pressure object life
sphere and then with the right speed and
a good special attack I present this
super offensive set for so many lightning
as main attack of this or malley
hidden power and ice by hedges and
I breathe more than anything to regenerate
health and nature will be
scary to be as fast we go what
as fast as possible that we can and good
Well the eps are going to go 252 so much attack
special like at speed and 4 life like that
how good this has been all I hope that
you have liked the analysis has been like this
please give a like to subscribe from
it really helps a lot and well little
plus
I will leave more than anything I have been
using fat 2 because more than anything
I really recommend you to use it
because it is a very good pokémon is a
pokémon that I already tell you has been catapulted
to one of the we will be using a
heap in over just about everything for this
set that I have told you the first of
they do not physical tank since it has
replaced the mouse as pokemon
defensive physical type already
that cap 2 is much better than rotating a
defensive physical as it has clear and
can be cured with respite so good
In general, this has been all
I really hope you liked it if you have
been well to give the former to subscribe you has
there was a lot and little else come up
soon